one shot to the head my head and the fog
lifted his name is Lennox works her
sentiment they think they're the good
guys you shot off that thing you call oz
he's the source of the infection the
bullets not gonna stop him what the fuck
are you talking about the man is dead
but so are you once and you and you you
see a pattern here ain't no zombies how
L is about five miles closing ah load
him up
Wow
dead or alive we were atlases prize
lenox knew they'd do anything to get us
back
what nobody factored was one of the pets
was about to slip his leash that debt
the ship's about to become one big tax
write-off who pays taxes hey no one
gives a fuck okay we got two minutes
before our guns like seawater move
there
Lilith what are you doing oh are you
kidding me oz is dead that asshole shot
up just another stupid zombie let's just
go already come on people we don't have
time for this oh I mr. filling filling
this in the 55 receive my step on my
shoulder fuck is you saying swear to god
I'm fathers were playing a nigga relay
the message breathless heavy